A Wikipedia-Dump Reader.

This Reader displays the text-only archives of wikipedia, which can be
downloaded from :
	http://download.wikimedia.org/backup-index.html
and are usually named like :
	pages-articles.xml.bz2

It requires Python, Qt and PyQt. Altough only Qt4/PyQt4 is supported now, the
old Qt3/PyQt3 code is still included and should still work.
It also assumes you have basic tools like gzip, zcat and zgrep, tail, head...

(Optional) You will need the command line applications "texvc" and "latex" in
order to render math expressions. (texvc is provided with this application)

This reader is not yet complete although fairly useable in its current form.

Usage
-----
1. on the commandline, run:
	python dumpReader.py
   or just click on it from your favorite file manager

2. Browse and select the archive (some file probably named *.xml.bz2)

3. If it's the first time, an index is created, which can take a lot of time.
   The english dumps currently need more than an hour. Note that if you
   abort during the index creation, it will be useable, altough obviously
   incomplete. (Useful for users who want to quicktest the program ;)
   Currently, the program need write permission on the same directory.

4. The main windows contains the article title area (top), main text area
   (left) and article history (right). You can go to an article by typing
   its name then click the "Go" button, or by clicking a link from the main
   text area. By default, clicking a link load the article in the background.
   The search-box area allows to keyword search among the articles' title.
   You can also go to a random article by clicking "Go" with an empty entry.

*  You will need the command line application "Texvc" and in order to
   render math expressions. This tool requires "Latex". Note that it
   will use a directory (usually /tmp/wikipediaDumpReader_texvm/) to
   render the images, which is cleared at the restart of the application.

FAQ
---
Q. Can i get my dump quickly up-to-date while i'm online ?
A. No. As far as i know, there is no way to "update" your currently downloaded
   xml.bz2 dump to sync it. The only way to get up-to-date is to delete the old 
   dump (and also generated indexes files) and to fully re-download a new one.

Q. I don't like the background-loading behaviour. Can i change it ?
A. If you want to immediately see the content of clicked links, you have to
   manually modify the program : Edit the "dumpReader.py" file, go to the line
   which says "self.loadTabInBackground = True" and change "True" to "False".

Q. Can i disable the graphical rendering of the maths ? ("latex rendering")
A. Yes, but you will have to manually modify the program : Edit the
   "dumpReader.py" file, go to the line which says "self.latexRendering = True"
   and change "True" to "False"

Q. Can i change the text size ?
A. Font Size can now be changed, altough you will have to manually modify
   the program : Edit the "dumpReader.py" file, go to the line which says
   "fontSize = 9" and change "9" to whatever point size fits you best.
   This will only change the font size of the text area.

Q. Can i edit the User Interface to change more settings ?
A. If you have the Qt4 "designer" program, shipped with Qt-tools, you
   can edit "form3.ui" to fit your needs

Q. What is the "debug" button ?
A. This is needed only for developers. When toggle-on, each newly-loaded
   article is also copied on the upper area. When pressing "apply regex",
   it's filtered to the lower area.

Q. The program says : RuntimeWarning: Python C API version mismatch for
   module bz2: This Python has API version 1013, module bz2 has version 1012.
A. This can be safely ignored. This occurs because i provides a precompiled
   binary bz2.so module. You are welcome to recompile your own if you want
   from the src/ directory. Warning : this is NOT the standard bz2.so python
   module, it's a static copy with some changes.

Q. How can I delete entries from the dump-selection initial dialog box ?
A. There is no other way than editing the file ".wikipediadumpreaderrc" from
   your home directory and removing the lines you don't want. You may need
   to check "display hidden files" on your file manager to find this file.

--
Benjamin Thyreau - 7/2009
wikireader@decideur.info
