
** The BOKIN Model Definition **

     Version 1.0, December 17, 2005
     Copyright (c) 2005 Tama Communications Corporation

     Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
     of this document, but changing it is not allowed.


Introduction

BOKIN Model is a business model to obtain proceeds by widely
collecting donations while developing and distributing free software.
This model is constructed not to take away consumer's freedom of
software.
The business which comply with the following criteria can be called a
business based on BOKIN Model.

Criteria

   1. CORPORATION
      The person who start a business based on BOKIN Model must be a
      business corporation registered in the home country. (Herein
      after called the corporation)

   2. FREE SOFTWARE
      The corporation develops free software. (Herein after called the
      BOKINware)

   3. LICENSE
      The corporation distributes the BOKINware under GNU GPL (GNU
      General Public License) and GNU FDL (GNU Free Documentation
      License). Exceptionally, external packages which the BOKINware
      uses, small supporting files, short manuals and rough
      documentation can use simple all-permissive license, compatible
      with GNU GPL.

   4. COPYRIGHT MANAGEMENT
      The corporation manages copyright on the BOKINware for consumers
      to keep on using it at ease.
          o Every file in the BOKINware should have a legally valid
            copyright notice and a license notice.
          o To include program which is assigned from another
            developer, the corporation receives a disclaimer paper or
            assignment paper signed by the author.
          o To include program which is not assigned, the corporation
            confirms its license is GNU GPL or compatible with GNU
            GPL, lists the files and authors in a file named AUTHORS,
            and lists the license in a file named LICENSE. The
            BOKINware should contain these two files.

   5. MAILING LIST
      The corporation maintains mailing lists for consumers to
      cooperate one another.
      The list members, including the corporation, don't owe any duty.
      The mailing lists should include the following two at least.
          o Bug mailing list
            This list distributes, to the active maintainers of the
            BOKINware, bug reports and fixes for, and suggestions for
            improvements in the BOKINware. This list is also for user
            discussion.
          o Help mailing list
            This list is the place for authors, users and installers
            of the BOKINware to ask for help.
      The mailing lists can be replaced with a similar communication
      tool.
      The corporation can decide the operation policy of the list, but
      must not obstruct the list members to cooperate one another.

   6. COLLECTING DONATIONS
      The corporation collects donations widely as its proceeds.
      The corporation must not offer the donor an individual supply of
      profit.

   7. DONOR LIST
      The corporation open the donor list to the public.
      The donor list includes the following information.
          o Date of donation (The date when the corporation received
            the donation)
          o Amount of donation (Amount which the corporation received)
          o Donor's name
          o Donor's nationality
      When donor's name and nationality are unknown or the donor
      prefers to remain anonymous, they are treated as anonymous.
      The BOKINware should contain the donor list as a file named
      DONORS. It is preferable that the list is open to the public
      even on the Internet.

   8. BOKIN MODEL DEFINITION
      The BOKINware should contain the present definition as a file
      named BOKIN_MODEL.

Renewal

The author may publish revised and/or new versions of the BOKIN Model
Definition from time to time. Such new versions will be similar in
spirit to the present version, but may differ in detail to address new
problems or concerns.
