
** Frequently Asked Questions **

     Version 1.0, December 17, 2005
     Copyright (c) 2005 Tama Communications Corporation

     Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
     of this document, but changing it is not allowed.


BOKIN Model Frequently Asked Questions

   1. What does BOKIN mean?
      BOKIN means collecting donations in Japanese. (BO=collect,
      KIN=money)

   2. What is the purpose to require the person who start a BOKIN
      model business being a registered corporation?
      The purpose is to prevent people from donating to the person who
      does not exist actually.

   3. Is annoying copyright management necessary?
      Yes, it is. Copyright management is absolutely necessary for
      consumers to keep on using the BOKINware at ease.
      It is dangerous to use the software whose copyright is not
      neatly managed. If you use such software, you might suddenly be
      prohibited to use it, or be claimed a license fee of high
      priced. These are not imaginary fears but troubles of reality.

   4. Why is program license limited to GNU GPL?
      Because GNU GPL defends consumers in two points.
          o Copyleft License
            Since GNU GPL is copyleft license, it makes a program
            free, and requiring all modified and extended versions of
            the program to be free as well. As a result, consumer can
            keep on using the BOKINware at ease in the future.
          o Widely Known
            Since GNU GPL is widely known, and is explained
            frequently, it does not become the load to consumer. It is
            troublesome for consumer to understand new licenses.

   5. What is the purpose of the donor list?
      There are two purposes.
          o To defend freedom of donation.
            The consumer can decide whether to donate after
            understanding the situation of the donation. If nothing
            being informed, freedom does not exist there. In BOKIN
            model, consumers are not isolated existence.
          o To praise donation.
            To praise donation brings new donors. Since BOKIN model
            owes all to people's free wills, we cannot praise the
            donation too much.

   6. Is donation spent on the BOKINware?
      It depends on the management of the corporation. Since donations
      become the proceeds of the corporation, the corporation itself
      decides the usage under its freedom.

   7. Is the donor list kept true?
      It is very difficult to mix lies in the public information,
      because it is checked by various methods.
          o Donors can confirm whether they are listed.
          o People can ask whether to have donated to the donors in
            the list.
          o The tax office can examine the contradiction between the
            content of the list and the content of the declaration of
            the corporation's taxation business.

   8. Why is the corporation prohibited from doing an individual
      supply of profit for the donors?
      When individual supply of profit becomes ordinary, donation fall
      into the payment for the profit. We cannot call it donation.
      BOKIN Model business should be supported only by people's free
      will.
