There's not much to helping develop Guilt. Most of the following has been
adapted, or blatantly stolen from the Linux kernel's
Documentation/SubmittingPatches file. :)

1) Hack on the code a bit

2) Make a patch:

Use "diff -up" or "diff -uprN" to create patches. Or simply use git to
create patches against the latest version. And of course, you can use guilt
to develop guilt. ;)

3) Describe the changes:

If you generated a patch using diff, make sure you include a description of
your changes at the beginning of the patch. If you used git, make sure the
git commit message contains a good description of the changes.

Prefix the email's subject with "[GUILT]" so it will not be confused with
other git changes. For example:
  Subject: [GUILT] fix important bug

4) Send the patches to: Jeff Sipek <jeffpc@josefsipek.net>, CC'ing
the Git mailing list (git@vger.kernel.org).

5) Sign your work:

To improve tracking of who did what, especially with patches that can
percolate to their final resting place in the kernel through several
layers of maintainers, we've introduced a "sign-off" procedure on
patches that are being emailed around.

The sign-off is a simple line at the end of the explanation for the
patch, which certifies that you wrote it or otherwise have the right to
pass it on as a open-source patch.  The rules are pretty simple: if you
can certify the below:

        Developer's Certificate of Origin 1.1

        By making a contribution to this project, I certify that:

        (a) The contribution was created in whole or in part by me and I
            have the right to submit it under the open source license
            indicated in the file; or

        (b) The contribution is based upon previous work that, to the best
            of my knowledge, is covered under an appropriate open source
            license and I have the right under that license to submit that
            work with modifications, whether created in whole or in part
            by me, under the same open source license (unless I am
            permitted to submit under a different license), as indicated
            in the file; or

        (c) The contribution was provided directly to me by some other
            person who certified (a), (b) or (c) and I have not modified
            it.

	(d) I understand and agree that this project and the contribution
	    are public and that a record of the contribution (including all
	    personal information I submit with it, including my sign-off) is
	    maintained indefinitely and may be redistributed consistent with
	    this project or the open source license(s) involved.

then you just add a line saying

	Signed-off-by: Random J Developer <random@developer.example.org>

using your real name (sorry, no pseudonyms or anonymous contributions.)

Some people also put extra tags at the end.  They'll just be ignored for
now, but you can do this to mark internal company procedures or just
point out some special detail about the sign-off. 

